Now let's implement the v for on a single object
let's open list rendering four dot html and
here we'll do the same thing as before
which display a list of the top 10 frameworks and their course.
Now  let's switch over to our editor than
open list rendering four dot html.
Here we have the same markup but
the difference here is in the data
as we can see here
This is a simple form of previous data
but now they are stored in single object
So each framework and score represented in a single property.
The framework name as a key and the score as a value.
All right let's jump to our markup
remove these list items
also this one
here we can use the v-for directive by including the
index as before it should be noted here that the
property value
in this case the score will be item on the left side.
And the property key in this case the framework
name will be index on the right side.
So v-for equals parenthesis score comma framework of top
ten frameworks
then let's change the text to framework and
then we change the number to score.
OK
here we get the same result as before.
Finally let's look at how to implement
the v-for on an array of object.
Let's open list rendering five dot html
and here we will display the top ten framework in a table
so its framework will have a score from GitHub
stack over flow and overall score.
Let's switch over to editor an open list rendering five dot html.
jump to script section.
And here we see the top ten framework property which
contains array of objects each element consist of
name GitHub stack overflow and overall.
Now let's jump to the table then leave two table rows
because we need to iterate one table row and the
rest will be the table heading.
Here we can say v-for equals framework of top ten frameworks
and here to show the framework name
we can say framework dot name.
And then for the GitHub score we can say framework dot github
And then for the stack over flow score framework dot
stack overflow and the last we can say framework
dot overall
let's switch to our browser.
And here we will see the top 10 framework displayed
in the table each framework has score from github stack
overflow and overall. Alright
so that's about the list rendering.
Hopefully from these experiments you get the idea about
list rendering in vue js and how to use it to display
different types of collection properly.